[RHACS] ROX-18672: Adding documentation for Compliance v2 and UI changes to compliance v1 (#71171)
openshift/openshift-docs: operating/manage-compliance/managing-compliance-20.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="managing-compliance-20"]
= Managing compliance (2.0)
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: managing-compliance-20

toc::[]

> By navigating to the Compliance (2.0) section in the {rh-rhacs-first} portal, you can seamlessly view, understand, schedule, and optimize the compliance scan status of your clusters.

Reviewer: This might be a little misleading.  At the time of 4.4 this page will only allow customers to see compliance as it relates to their integration with the compliance operator.  It will only allow them to see results associated with the compliance operator.

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="managing-compliance-20"]
= Managing compliance (2.0)
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: managing-compliance-20

toc::[]

:FeatureName: Compliance (2.0)
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[]

> By navigating to the Compliance (2.0) section in the {rh-rhacs-first} portal, you can view the compliance results associated with your integration by using the compliance operator.

Reviewer 2: We could provide a link with the `Compliance Operator` text so that users who are unfamiliar have the ability to learn more about it.

I also wonder if we need to call out that the scanning performed, and reported in this section currently covers infrastructure and platform compliance. It doesn't cover workload compliance.

Author: @dashrews78 ^^

Reviewer: @agantony 

> We could provide a link with the Compliance Operator text so that users who are unfamiliar have the ability to learn more about it.

That is a good idea to give the users some more information about what the compliance operator can do.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By navigating to the Compliance (2.0) section in the {rh-rhacs-first} portal, you can view the compliance results associated with your clusters by using the compliance operator.  Note: at this time Compliance(2.0) and the compliance operator only evaluate infrastructure and platform compliance.
```

Reviewer: I took a shot at a suggestion there.

//Viewing the cluster compliance page
include::modules/viewing-the-cluster-compliance-page.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

//Understanding the cluster compliance page
include::modules/understanding-the-cluster-compliance-page.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

//Creating a compliance scan schedule
include::modules/creating-a-compliance-scan-schedule.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

//Viewing the compliance scan status

> include::modules/viewing-the-compliance-scan-status.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

Reviewer 2: In addition to viewing results across clusters, will there be documentation on what happens when scan configurations are deleted?

I ask because any scan results associated with a scan configuration will be removed from the database, and the secured clusters. Will we want to call out the importance of backing up compliance data before deleting a scan configuration?

Author: @rhmdnd Thank you for your suggestion. However, I'd like @dashrews78 to chime in on this since I added documentation based on the feature demo David and Brad created: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tXoTYgq6R1rIVe2qTSdw4-sM6kFBCjtHTQarfW45f3Y/edit#bookmark=id.ceui8sfk19zf

Reviewer: @rhmdnd Does such documentation exist in CO docs?  The same concept exists if working directly with CO, ACS is just making it easier.  I'm wondering if a popup when trying to delete a scan config is sufficient instead of documentation.

Reviewer 2: Yeah - a popup is probably fine for now.

Perhaps @sheriff-rh and I can work on a more complete write-up in the Compliance Operator documentation that describes how a user backs up all their compliance data.

This is probably good practice anyway, since it outputs compliance documents/evidence that some folks (auditors) might not have access to without direct access to the cluster.

Reviewer: yeah but we would want to be careful of how much of that leaks into ACS docs as ACS would want to do such a thing via the functionality resulting from https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ROX-22365

Reviewer 2: That makes sense. A generic popup is probably fine for now.

If/when we document backup procedures in the compliance operator documentation, we can leave that out of the ACS documentation, or supplement it with ACS functionality.

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="managing-compliance-20"]

> = Managing compliance (2.0)

Author: Can we do without parentheses. I think we still need to stick to version numbers.

@kcarmichael08 ^^

> = Managing compliance (2.0)

Reviewer 3: I think in headings we could probably use "Managing the compliance 2.0 feature"?

include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: managing-compliance-20

toc::[]

:FeatureName: Compliance (2.0)
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[]

> By navigating to the Compliance (2.0) section in the {rh-rhacs-first} portal, you can view the compliance results associated with your clusters by using the Compliance Operator.

Reviewer 4: I am still having a hard time understanding the difference between compliance 1.0/2.0 and the Compliance Operator. Is there a simple way to revise this intro or add additional information to explain?

Author: Compliance 2.0 is a new feature that will be introduced in 4.4. Maybe we can bold "Compliance (2.0)", because that's how you see it in the user interface. 
@kcarmichael08 WDYT?

Reviewer 3: I would bold if we are referring to a menu item, and use no bold or parenthesis if just referring to the general feature.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
You can view the compliance results associated with your cluster by using the compliance 2.0 feature in the {rh-rhacs-first portal}. The feature collects compliance information gathered by the Compliance Operator into a single interface (or something).
```
WDYT? Initially, I was having a hard time understanding the difference between the CO and compliance 2.0. Do you think that this sort of distinction is useful?

If not, I am happy to let this go and not block the PR on this.

Author: @dashrews78 @rhmdnd WDYT about this re-wording??

Reviewer: I'm OK with it as long as we update `(or something)` to be meaningful.

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="managing-compliance-20"]
= Managing the compliance 2.0 feature (Technology preview)
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: managing-compliance-20

toc::[]

:FeatureName: Compliance 2.0
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[]

> You can view the compliance results associated with your cluster by using the compliance 2.0 feature in the {rh-rhacs-first} portal. The feature collects compliance information gathered by the Compliance Operator into a single interface.

Reviewer 4: :+1:
